this is kasia if you live in north america you
probably know this spice under the name
cinnamon but that's not right it's a
pretty common mistake because cassia has
been sold under the name cinnamon since
the beginning of time you can even find
it under these different names
and this my friends is cinnamon the real
deal there's a good chance that you've never
seen it before and that's because we
don't find it easily in north america
latin america is actually the biggest
consumer of cinnamon mexico loves it so
much that it's importing half of the
world's production
but where does cinnamon come from well
sri lanka is the king of cinnamon it's
in this unique terroir that cinnamon
trees were originally cultivated if
cinnamon is usually more expensive it's
because of the long complex harvesting
and drying process the first thing they
do is harvest three-year-old cinnamon
trees and then the young shoots every
year after that the bark is then
scraped and rubbed vigorously which loosens it
it's then scored and peeled away with a
special knife
the cinnamon will be layered one on top
of the other on a fine metal rod to form
a very long stick the last step
is to let it dry an curl in the open air